README.md, before:

# Facebook Container

**Prevent Facebook from tracking your visits to other websites**

Facebook Container is an add-on you can install on Firefox to prevent Facebook from tracking your activity on other websites, so you can continue to use Facebook while protecting your privacy.

**Note:** To learn more about Containers in general, see [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://support.mozilla.org/kb/containers).

## How does Facebook Container work?

The Add-on keeps Facebook in a separate Container to prevent it from following your activity on other websites. When you first install the add-on, it signs you out of Facebook and deletes the cookies that Facebook uses to track you on other websites. 

Every time you visit Facebook, it will open in its own container, separate from other websites you visit.  You can login to Facebook within its container.  When browsing outside the container, Facebook won’t be able to easily collect your browsing data and connect it to your Facebook identity.

## How do I enable Facebook Container?

We’ve made it easy to take steps to protect your privacy so you can go on with your day.

1. [Install Facebook Container](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/facebook-container/). This will log you out of Facebook and delete the cookies it’s been using to track you.
2. Open Facebook and use it like you normally would.  Firefox will automatically switch to the Facebook Container tab for you.
3. If you click on a link to a page outside of Facebook or type in another website in the address bar, Firefox will load them outside of the Facebook Container

## How does this affect Facebook’s features?

Facebook Containers prevents Facebook from linking your activity on other websites to your Facebook identity. Therefore, the following will not work:

### “Like” buttons and embedded Facebook comments on other websites.

Because you are logged into Facebook only in the Container, “Like” buttons and embedded Facebook comments on other websites will not work.

### Logging in or creating accounts on other websites using Facebook

Websites that allow you to create an account or log in using Facebook will generally not work properly.

## Will this protect me from Facebook completely?

This add-on does not prevent Facebook from mishandling the data it already has or permitted others to obtain about you. Facebook still will have access to everything that you do while you are on facebook.com or on the Facebook app, including your Facebook comments, photo uploads, likes, and any data you share with Facebook connected apps, etc.  

Other ad networks may try to link your Facebook activities with your regular browsing. In addition to this add-on, there are other things you can do to maximize your protection, including changing your Facebook settings, using Private Browsing and Tracking Protection, blocking third-party cookies, and/or using [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/multi-account-containers/ ) extension to further limit tracking.

## How do I use Containers for other websites?

Good news! Containers aren’t just for Facebook. You can use Containers to prevent websites from linking your identities across the Web by installing [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/multi-account-containers/).

To learn more about how Mult-Account Containers work, see our support page at [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/multi-account-containers/).

Commit message:

Update README.md and changed comments to google

README.md, after:

# Google Container

**Prevent Google from tracking your visits to other websites**

Google Container is an add-on you can install on Firefox to prevent Google from tracking your activity on other websites, so you can continue to use Google while protecting your privacy.

**Note:** To learn more about Containers in general, see [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://support.mozilla.org/kb/containers).

## How does Google Container work?

The Add-on keeps Google in a separate Container to prevent it from following your activity on other websites. When you first install the add-on, it signs you out of Google and deletes the cookies that Google uses to track you on other websites. 

Every time you visit Google, it will open in its own container, separate from other websites you visit.  You can login to Google within its container.  When browsing outside the container, Google won’t be able to easily collect your browsing data and connect it to your Google identity.

## How do I enable Google Container?

We’ve made it easy to take steps to protect your privacy so you can go on with your day.

1. [Install Google Container](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/google-container/). This will log you out of Google and delete the cookies it’s been using to track you.
2. Open Google and use it like you normally would.  Firefox will automatically switch to the Google Container tab for you.
3. If you click on a link to a page outside of Google or type in another website in the address bar, Firefox will load them outside of the Google Container

## How does this affect Google’s features?

Google Containers prevents Google from linking your activity on other websites to your Google identity. Therefore, the following will not work:

### “Like” buttons and embedded Google comments on other websites.

Because you are logged into Google only in the Container, “Like” buttons and embedded Google comments on other websites will not work.

### Logging in or creating accounts on other websites using Google

Websites that allow you to create an account or log in using Google will generally not work properly.

## Will this protect me from Google completely?

This add-on does not prevent Google from mishandling the data it already has or permitted others to obtain about you. Google still will have access to everything that you do while you are on google.com or on any Google app, including your Google comments, photo uploads, likes, and any data you share with Google connected apps, etc.  

Other ad networks may try to link your Google activities with your regular browsing. In addition to this add-on, there are other things you can do to maximize your protection, including changing your Google settings, using Private Browsing and Tracking Protection, blocking third-party cookies, and/or using [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/multi-account-containers/ ) extension to further limit tracking.

## How do I use Containers for other websites?

Good news! Containers aren’t just for Google. You can use Containers to prevent websites from linking your identities across the Web by installing [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/multi-account-containers/).

To learn more about how Mult-Account Containers work, see our support page at [Firefox Multi-Account Containers](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/multi-account-containers/).
